Added description of sorting by ASCII characters to address OKTA-595653. (#4092)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/users/index.md

| limit       | Specifies the number of results returned (maximum 200).                           | Query        | Number     | FALSE    |
| after       | Specifies the pagination cursor for the next page of users.                                                                                     | Query        | String     | FALSE    |
| sortBy      | Specifies field to sort by (for search queries only).                                                                                           | Search query | String     | FALSE    |

> | sortOrder   | Specifies sort order asc or desc (for search queries only). Sorting is done in ASCII sort order (that is, by ASCII character value), but is case insensitive.                                                                                                                                                    | Search query | String     | FALSE    |

Reviewer: Feedback: my eye read this as "but is case sensitive". If you make this change, I think it's less likely that readers make the same mistake.
```suggestion
| sortOrder   | Specifies sort order asc or desc (for search queries only). Sorting is done in ASCII sort order (that is, by ASCII character value), but isn't case sensitive.                                                                                                                                                    | Search query | String     | FALSE    |
```

> | sortOrder   | Specifies sort order asc or desc (for search queries only). Sorting is done in ASCII sort order (that is, by ASCII character value). Sorting is case insensitive.                                                                                                                                                    | Search query | String     | FALSE    |

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's just me, the sentence seem a little repetitive - maybe "Sorting is done in ASII ..., and is case insensitive" or similar?
No more comment on the correctness though, I'll leave the detail up to you.
